/*
 * Name: Dongseok Cho,Zheyuan Xu
 * Date: 2020/12/08
 * Milestone 3
 * Course: CMPT 305 AS01
 * Instructor: Indratmo Indratmo
 * Description: Creates a window to display the assessment values and search specific values.
 */

A Summary of Added Features:

1. Neighbourhood Assessment Value Average.
It makes average of negibourhood in the list.
When the program starts, parse the list made from JSON and pick out distinct neighbourhoods. 
When "Average" button clicked it opens a new window that contains
a table. The table has columns of "Neighbourhood" and "Average". 
The "Neighbourhood" column shows the name of neighbourhood in Edmonton and
"Average" column shows the average assessment value of neighbourhood.
Before displaying, the list is sorted high to low by using insertionsort.
  
2. Edmonton Property Assessment API(playground data same).
Used HttpRequest to read JSON data from the net.
using open source "org.json.maven" parsed all the assessment values
that I needed. I set the data reading limit to 10000, so I used while
loop to parse all the data using "offset" method from the source. The
loop will increment offset by 10000 every single time until there is no element
in the parsed list. 

3. Google map pop up.
used Desktop class to pop up the browser.
used google map coordination search API form google API.(link: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/overview)
Gets latitude and longitude values from selected table value.
This value obtained by using getSelectionModel() from javafx table.
Lastly connect the cordinate to API.

4. Playground table.
Gets data from Edmonton data.
When the program starts it parse JSON data and pick out the distinct neighbourhood.
WHile parsing, if same neighbourhood appears again increment the playground number by 1.
The table has "Neighbourhood" and "Playground NUmber" column. They hold neighbourhood name and 
number of playground value.

5.Added play ground data.

Known bugs and limitations. 
1. It is very slow, when start up. Assuming getting huge number of data makes the program slow.
2. Sometimes error occurs while loading up. Not from code. If reopen the IntellJi, works okay.
3. space sencitive. When searching need space properly

6. PieChart 
The incoming data is determined one by one by using a for loop to determine the range of the 
assessed value of each piece of data and to count the amount. 
The amount of data is used to calculate the percentage size of each piece of the pie chart.
When calculating the percentage size, adjust the value to fit the form of the percentage chart by calculating the size.
Place the pop-up pie chart by creating additional stages and scenes, and set the percentage 
data to be displayed to the user as determined by the mouse click event.

7. 
Set Window Event for the main window to close all small pop-up windows simultaneously for user convenience.
Use Platform.exit() to achieve the effect.


Contributions：

Dongseok Cho:
- implemented getting the data form Edmonton Assessment Value API JSON.
- Created the assessment value average table for neighbourhood.
- implemented search functions.
- implemented google map latitude and longitude search.

Zheyuan XU:
- Implementation of statistics and calculations for pie chart production.
- Simultaneous closing all pop-up windows
- Integration of Presentation video

Together:
- created main table.
- created buttons.
- created titles.
- data implementation discussion
- error checks.
- UI Design.


 